This is a five-minute
walkthrough
of all the features in Safari's
browser development tool,
Web Inspector.
Let's get started.
To see Web Inspector,
first you will need
to enable the Develop menu.
To enable the Develop menu,
click Preferences
in the Safari menu.
Go to the Advanced section,
and check the check box
at the bottom of the section
to enable Develop options.
After enabling these options,
press "Command + Option + I"
to open Web Inspector,
or choose
the Show Web Inspector option
from the Develop menu.
Web Inspector's tools
are split into tabs.
You can dismiss tabs
and add them back
with the plus tab.
Across the bottom of every tab
is a console bar.
Click Escape
to expand this bar
into a mini console window.
On the sides are two sidebars
for Navigation and Details.
The Navigation bar
has its own filter
at the bottom of the window.
Choosing something
in the Navigation sidebar
changes the content
of the main content area
and the Details sidebar.
Each sidebar
can be shown or hidden.
Then there's
the main content area.
This area saves
your navigation history
so you can move back
and forward.
There's also
a selection path bar,
which shows the entire path
of the current resource.
Across the top of your tabs
is the toolbar
with docking options,
a refresh button,
a download button,
a dashboard of page statistics,
a global search bar,
to search across all resources,
and an element selection button.
If you select an element,
you will be taken
to our first tab,
the Elements tab.
The Elements tab's main content
is an editable DOM tree outline.
The Details sidebar
has three sections.
The Nodes section
shows additional information
relating to the selected node.
The Styles section
has three views:
Computed, Rules, and Visual.
Styles lets you view and edit
CSS properties.
The layers section
shows information
about any compositing layers
related to the selected element.
You can navigate
and edit the DOM
using the jump bar.
Across the top
is a series of buttons
to enable
the print style sheet,
show shadow DOM nodes,
show compositing borders,
and enable paint flashing.
Next is the Network tab.
This tab shows all the resources
loaded by the current webpage.
In addition
to the default tab features,
there are buttons
to disable the cache
and clear network items.
To see headers,
check the Details sidebar.
To see the selected resource,
click on the jump arrow
next to the list item.
Next is the Resources tab.
This tab, like the Network tab
also shows a list of resources
and has default tab features.
In addition,
it has three buttons
to examine your code.
The pretty print tool
unminifies your code.
Type profiling
annotates objects in your code
with color-coded types.
Code coverage dims code
that hasn't been executed.
The Timelines tab
helps you check
the performance
of your webpage.
Select your instruments
and record events
like a reload operation
with the record timeline button.
Once you stop recording,
you can examine
your timeline data
either by events
or captured frames.
For more details,
click on one of the instruments
you recorded:
Network Requests,
Layout and Rendering,
JavaScript and Events,
Memory,
or JavaScript Allocations.
To clear your timeline,
click the clear timeline button.
The Debugger includes
many of the same tools
in the Resource tab.
It also has a Breakpoints
sections in the left sidebar
and a Scope Chain
in the right sidebar.
The Debugger controls
to disable breakpoints
and pause, continue,
and step through your code,
are in the top left corner
of the tab.
The Storage tab shows
a persistent state
that is available
to web content being inspected,
which can be refreshed.
By default, it shows Cookies,
Local Storage,
and Session Storage.
But as available,
this tab also shows
additional storage APIs,
like WebSQL, IndexedDB,
and Application Cache.
Last is the Console.
Besides showing messages
logged by web content,
this tab has buttons.
To filter the console log,
clear the console log
and trigger garbage collection.
For additional options,
like log persistence,
go to the Settings tab
at the end of the tabs row.
In summary,
you can access Web Inspector
by enabling
the Develop Menu in Safari.
Use Web Inspector to examine
your webpages in Safari.
To try the latest version
of Web Inspector,
download
the Safari Technology Preview
from the Apple Developer site.
If you find bugs, report them
at bugreport.apple.com.
For more information
and additional resources
about Web Inspector,
use the links
in the resources section
associated with this video.
And that's your quick
walkthrough of Web Inspector.
Thanks for watching.